OpenAI agent ts docs 1934 (#2210)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/integrations/openai_agents.mdx

```typescript lines
import * as weave from "weave";
import { Agent, run, tool } from "@openai/agents";
import { z } from "zod";

const getWeather = tool({
  name: "get_weather",
  description: "Get the current weather for a given city.",
  parameters: z.object({
    city: z.string().describe("The name of the city"),
  }),
  async execute({ city }) {
    return `${city}: 14-20C, Sunny with wind.`;
  },
});

async function main() {
  // UPDATE to your project info.
  await weave.init("your-team-name/your-project-name");

  const agent = new Agent({
    name: "Hello world",
    instructions: "You are a helpful agent.",
    tools: [getWeather],
  });

  const result = await run(agent, [
    { role: "user", content: "What's the weather in Tokyo?" },
  ]);
  console.log(result.finalOutput);
}

main();
```

The example code on this page uses ESM syntax. In CommonJS projects, the equivalent import statement is:
```typescript lines

> const weave = require("weave");

Reviewer: so here maybe you also want to mention the typescript syntax as well:

```
import * as weave from "weave";
import { Agent, run, tool } from "@openai/agents"; 
```

and with CommonJS configuration, the order of that two import statements(which will be translated to require() in compiled code) matters.

npm install weave @openai/agents zod
```

## Get started

In most Node.js environments, manual instrumentation is not required.  
Weave automatically instruments `@openai/agents` when the module is loaded.

Automatic instrumentation works by registering a module loader hook:

- **CommonJS projects:** No additional configuration is required.
- **ESM projects:** Node must be started with the `--import=weave/instrument` flag so the instrumentation loads before other modules.

The following code sample assumes an ESM project. If you need help setting up your project or determining which type you are using, see [TypeScript SDK: Third-Party Integration Guide](/weave/guides/integrations/js).

In the following code sample, an OpenAI Agent is created and integrated with Weave for traceability. First, update `your-team-name/your-project-name` in the Weave project initialization to real values. A `get_weather` tool is defined that returns a sample weather report. An agent named `Hello world` is configured with basic instructions and access to the weather tool. The main function runs the agent with a sample input (`What's the weather in Tokyo?`) and outputs the final response.

```typescript

> import * as weave from "weave";

Reviewer: in the CommonJS way, since we are not relying on pre-loader, if we move `import * as weave from "weave";` after `import { Agent, run, tool } from "@openai/agents";` (which means the import of `@openai/agents` runs first), does it still work I wonder?

If it doesn't, and for some reason users are unable to put `import * as weave from "weave";` first. We can suggest them to manually patch in such a situtation. 

If it still works, then we are good!

Author: in cjs, we don't use import, so assuming for cjs you meant
const weave = require("weave");
const { Agent, run, tool } = require("@openai/agents");

changed to
const { Agent, run, tool } = require("@openai/agents");
const weave = require("weave");

no, it didn't work.
So i will call this ordering out specifically, good catch.  Tho calling this out might be a little confusing since the import code is different from the example, i'll see what I can do
(just to be sure i did test this for the esm version and it was fine)

Reviewer: I see. what I said earlier is confusing, let me clarify: regardless of whether it is CJS or ESM, people always write it as:
```
import * as weave from "weave";
import { Agent, run, tool } from "@openai/agents"; 
``` 
as **TypeScript**. This looks identical like ESM, but it is TypeScript :) It just happens that TypeScript uses the modern ESM syntax. 

Eventually, under CJS config, it will be configured to:

```
const weave = require("weave");
const { Agent, run, tool } = require("@openai/agents");
```

## View traces

When the above code sample is run, a link to the Weave dashboard is generated. To see what happened during your agent execution, follow the link to see your agent traces. 
</Tab>

<Tab title="TypeScript">

> The [OpenAI Agents Node SDK](https://github.com/openai/openai-node) is a lightweight and powerful framework for building multi-agent workflows. You can use W&B Weave with the OpenAI Agents SDK to trace and monitor your agentic applications in TypeScript.

Reviewer 2: I think we should put this description outside of the tabs, as there is little difference between the TS and Python versions. Also, the Python version incorrectly uses "track" instead of "trace"

Author: But the library and link are different.

i did fix the word 'track' tho in the python one.

## Installation

Install the required dependencies using `npm`:

```bash
npm install weave @openai/agents zod
```

## Get started

In most Node.js environments, manual instrumentation is not required.  
Weave automatically instruments `@openai/agents` when the module is loaded.

Automatic instrumentation works by registering a module loader hook:

- **CommonJS projects:** No additional configuration is required.
- **ESM projects:** Node must be started with the `--import=weave/instrument` flag so the instrumentation loads before other modules.

If you need help setting up your project or determining which type you are using, see [TypeScript SDK: Third-Party Integration Guide](/weave/guides/integrations/js).

> In the following code sample, an OpenAI Agent is created and integrated with Weave for traceability. First, update `your-team-name/your-project-name` in the Weave project initialization to real values. A `get_weather` tool is defined that returns a sample weather report. An agent named `Hello world` is configured with basic instructions and access to the weather tool. The main function runs the agent with a sample input (`What's the weather in Tokyo?`) and outputs the final response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code sample creates an OpenAI Agent and integrates it with Weave for traceability. First, update your-team-name/your-project-name in the Weave project initialization to real values. The sample defines a `get_weather` tool that returns a sample weather report, then configures an agent named `Hello world` with basic instructions and access to the weather tool. The main function runs the agent with a sample input (`What's the weather in Tokyo?`) and outputs the final response.
```

Passive voice

Author: crap - yeah, that is a classic case of copying from what was there for the Python tab and not noticing it wasn't right from the get-go.   sigh, good catch.

import * as weave from "weave";
import { Agent, run, tool } from "@openai/agents";
import { z } from "zod";

const getWeather = tool({
  name: "get_weather",
  description: "Get the current weather for a given city.",
  parameters: z.object({
    city: z.string().describe("The name of the city"),
  }),
  async execute({ city }) {
    return `${city}: 14-20C, Sunny with wind.`;
  },
});

async function main() {
  // UPDATE to your project info.
  await weave.init("your-team-name/your-project-name");

  const agent = new Agent({
    name: "Hello world",
    instructions: "You are a helpful agent.",
    tools: [getWeather],
  });

  const result = await run(agent, [
    { role: "user", content: "What's the weather in Tokyo?" },
  ]);
  console.log(result.finalOutput);
}

main();
```

In CommonJS, the `import * as weave from "weave"` statement must appear **before** `import { Agent, run, tool } from "@openai/agents"` for automatic instrumentation. If your code cannot follow this ordering, use the manual instrumentation technique that follows.

### Manual instrumentation

Manual instrumentation is only needed in cases where the module loader hook cannot run, such as:

> - bundlers that bundle dependencies into a single file

Reviewer 2: I think all of these should start with capitalization? https://developers.google.com/style/lists#introductory-sentences-for-lists

Author: wow, i missed this a second time in a row almost? poor :(
